so this is going to be a tutorial but
how to get hotmail on your iPhone you'll
be able to receive messages of you you
won't be able to send them but we'll
have a workaround around that with a
gmail or google mail account this is my
first tutorial so I hope everything's
alright the first thing you have to do
is well you have to have a jailbreak
iPhone then you going to go to cydia and
install the following programs ssh curl
XML parser toolkit and boss prefs I'm
not gonna do that now because it takes
quite a bit of time but the programs are
listed in the video description so once
you've done that you have to reboot and
you've rebooted and you come back to the
home screen you open up terminal and
then you're going to write the following
SSH space localhost
space dash l space route return let's go
see for the password and it should still
be Alpine by default even in yeah we're
all right so then you're going to write
free pops d space dash p space 110 i
presume that support and then the end
and then press return and should have
worked so then you got to go back out of
there so now you're going to create a
new mail account go into settings go
down to mail I already have an account
here that's why I did it this way new
account other and you put in your data
I'm just going to do this so you can't
see it your name
and your email address your actual hot
hotmail address
and your password obviously for your
hotmail account all right so we've got
that you press save now you can come
back here now yeah you're going to get a
an error but that's okay this press on
ok and then you got to go down to a
incoming mail server you got to change
that to localhost
right and then save it answer yes when
it's asking about the SSL and then it
should all work
yeah there we go we've got all the check
mark coming there so let's go back to
hear into mail and have a look at the
two mail account I've got a hotmail and
Google Mail receive mail yeah and see
what starts happening here notice the
hotmail address at the top there there
we go we've started getting new males
one two three so what I've done is on my
hotmail account you're gonna have to
clean up your inbox a bit because the
first time I did I had all of my emails
in there and it seemed to download the
old ones instead of the new ones so you
have to clean up your inbox a little so
you just have your new messages in your
inbox the ones that you want to have
downloaded onto your iphone the other
ones you might have to clean up and put
them into folders and maybe it'll get
you a bit organized so once you have
under 200 messages in your inbox you can
put the settings on your iPhone to
download the newest 200 and then it'll
work but you said have to keep your
inbox on your hotmail account clean
otherwise it won't download the new ones
only the old ones I don't know why don't
ask me but that was a solution that that
I got so now you can see there's 26 new
28 it's downloading all of the 70 emails
that I've got there you can see down
here as well it's constantly going up
there yeah and then you've got hotmail
on your iPhone if you want to send
messages you're gonna have to do a
little work around I guess I've got a
google mail account so on my google mail
account in the settings i have it set to
set they send it from my hotmail address
so that's the address that people see so
those i can send from my iphone and then
it automatically has the hotmail address
on it so that's the current work around
yeah so i think that's it oh wait no the
thing is you still got it install one
last thing from
for boss press you got to go get the
free pops boss prefs plugin toggle so
when you go to boss press here
takes a bit to load up here once you've
installed the toggle you got to turn it
on otherwise they'll have to do the the
terminal thing every time you reboot
your iPhone but here we're going to turn
it on the toggle oops not turn it on
yeah there we go so now we won't have to
do terminal everything every time you
turn on the iphone yeah there we go
we've got 51 new messages in my hotmail
account and you can read them normally I
guess you don't need to see all those so
yeah thanks so much i hope this helped
you